README.md, before:

# Making A Spigot Server
This is how to make a Spigot server On windows :)



README from root dir
This is how to setup your PaperSpigot/CraftBukkit Server for 1.8.8 (Tutorial Last update: January 27th, 2016 EST)

Warning: Windows Only!

Step 1. Make a directory on your desktop/Working directory called Server (Replaceable)

Step 2. Navigate inside this new folder and copy over paperspigot-1.8.8.jar to the directory from the jar folder

Step 3. Copy over the start.bat and eula from the startfiles Folder

Step 4. Make a new folder called "plugins" (without the quotes) in the server directory

Step 5. Select the plugins you want from the plugins folder
	I recommend all the important plugins and any of the optionals
	
Step 6. Rename paperspigot-1.8.8.jar to ServerJar.jar (SUPERIMPORTANT)

Step 7. Run start.bat by double left cliking on it. This requires A Administator account on your PC

Step 8. When it is finished, type in the console op (YourMinecraftUsername).

If it has an error, send me the log at superturtle41@gmail.com and I will try to fix it for you

Step 9. If you are hosting it on your on pc,Which you should be, You can join with the IP localhost or 127.0.0.0

Hopefully that is all, If you want more plugins, go to www.curse.com/bukkit-plugins/minecraft

Commit message:

The Installer Fixes Plus README change

README.md, after:

This is how to setup your PaperSpigot/CraftBukkit Server for 1.8.8 (Tutorial Last update: January 27th, 2016 EST)

Warning: Windows Only!


Installer!
Step 1. In the plugins\Other folder if you want any of those plugins drag them into optional
Step 2. Make sure you double click the Installer from the folder, Not a .Zip file
Step 3.Double Click MakeANormalServerInstaller(TODESKTOP).bat
   Run start.bat in Desktop/ANewMinecraftserver by double left cliking on it.
Step 8. When it is finished, type in the console op (YourMinecraftUsername).
  If it has an error, send me the log at superturtle41@gmail.com and I will try to fix it for you
Step 9. If you are hosting it on your on PC ,Which you should be, You can join with the IP localhost or 127.0.0.0
  Hopefully that is all, If you want more plugins, go to www.curse.com/bukkit-plugins/minecraft



MANUAL INSTALLATION BELOW!!!!!!


Step 1. Make a directory on your desktop/Working directory called Server (Replaceable)

Step 2. Navigate inside this new folder and copy over paperspigot-1.8.8.jar to the directory from the jar folder

Step 3. Copy over the start.bat and eula from the startfiles Folder

Step 4. Make a new folder called "plugins" (without the quotes)

Step 5. Select the plugins you want from the plugins folder in the server directory
	I recommend all the important plugins and any of the optionals

Step 6. Rename paperspigot-1.8.8.jar to ServerJar.jar (SUPERIMPORTANT)

Step 7. Run start.bat by double left cliking on it. This requires A Administator account on your PC

Step 8. When it is finished, type in the console op (YourMinecraftUsername).
 If it has an error, send me the log at superturtle41@gmail.com and I will try to fix it for you

Step 9. If you are hosting it on your on PC ,Which you should be, You can join with the IP localhost or 127.0.0.0

Hopefully that is all, If you want more plugins, go to www.curse.com/bukkit-plugins/minecraft
